[Music]
shalom
for
for for
Robert Spencer
as
so in a way how do you access the impact
of the political correctness on dealing
with the with Jihad H in America in
Europe yes it's been completely
devastating and so the average person
today has no idea what what we're
dealing with or what's in the offing and
so for example you have this this the
the Border question and the migration
and mass migration into countries in
Europe and to a lesser degree the United
States Mass migration of Muslims and all
over Europe if you say there's something
wrong with that or it's bringing Rising
crime and the rapes and everything else
and
Jihad you're racist so it can't be said
and uh they're even talking trying to
outlaw the party in Germany that's
against Mass migration because they're
Nazis well it might be possible that you
could not be a Nazi and still not be in
favor of the islamization of your
countries but the authorities are
willfully blind to what islamization
means or if it's even a possibility they
just think some Muslims will move in and
we'll have a Multicultural Society and
everything will be wonderful the idea of
a supremely intolerant and supremacist
ideology coming and overwhelming the
rest that doesn't ever occur to them you
see a progress or or regress about the
Jihad in in the Western Country since
October 7 cuz I think it was a again
Game Changer October 7th so it's like
shake the whole world so yeah October
7th made Jihad much more mainstream in
the
west openly yes people openly saying
they support Hamas they support his baa
and nobody minds and this has become
very common particular University
campuses in the United States when even
just two years ago it would have been
unheard of uh the these are still listed
as terrorist groups and there's abundant
reason for that of course but now the it
really actually comes with the spread of
Marxism
and the framing of the entire conflict
as one between the oppressor and the
oppressed and of course the oppressor is
white European and the oppressed is a
brown middle easterner this is fictional
but this is the framework that the left
looks at the problem through and so they
think we have to in all cases stand with
the oppressed against the oppressor and
with the brown oppressed against the
White oppressor and so we have to hate
Israel and stand with Hamas and his
balah and uh that this doesn't that this
framework doesn't apply in this
situation they don't know they have not
study these things themselves they've
just been propagandized they don't know
about Jihad they learn that any negative
about Islam is racist and islamophobic
so they're not disposed to hear it
anyway and so the whole thing becomes uh
it it starts to feed on itself and and
compound and grow exponentially worse
because uh it's the left's false
assumptions building on the false
assumptions that have been prevailing in
the culture about Islam and it all
becomes even worse so where is the
solution start do you think the the new
government in America now that the they
vote for Trump will do the change do you
think some people are waking
up it's it's started to a tremendous
degree we don't see it so much with
Israel so as thus far but it is there uh
we see it with other aspects of the
fantasies and delusions and falsehoods
that the left tries to fo upon us uh
like men can become women and and and
become Champion female Sportsmen and so
on uh this kind of thing people have
less and less patience with and that's a
denial of reality on par with the denial
of reality that's going on in regard to
the Jihad against Israel so I think that
as one continues to weaken the other
will also also if Trump is allowed to
become president and and has some
freedom to act then uh that could change
things considerably he's
unapologetically pro-israel I find it
astonishing even just today I was
reading the forward the Jewish paper and
they're they're they're talking about
what to do if you're in mourning about
the election and it was all about
various issues of the culture and so on
and I thought don't you understand the
existential threat the life and death
threat that you're facing and you're
blandly thinking that this man is is
going to be bad for you when actually he
might be the only thing standing between
you and another genocide I don't
understand the thinking there uh I do
think that the left loves Islam because
of the oppressor oppressed and racism
Frameworks and also because it's
collectivist and internationalist and
Israel is so stubbornly particular and
not internationalist or collectivist and
so they want it destroyed as a result
but I don't I don't think that's widely
understood even in the Jewish community
and so there's all far too much support
for the left but Donald Trump is well
they've been trying to destroy him for
so long and they've thrown so many
things at him I find it hard to believe
they're GNA just let him take office I
think it's we're going to see something
happen between now and January 20th but
should he I hope they won't kill him you
know it's like so many enemies around
him especially I think from Iran they
may I hope I hope they they won't
succeed to do it but I'm definitely sure
they are planning to do it yes that
happen or something
else uh we had a congressman say they
wouldn't let him take office so we'll
see but in any case uh he represents a
great dissatisfaction with the dominant
left and with the intellectual and
ideological straight jacket that they've
tried to to force upon us and so uh if
he succeeds then that could change
things a great deal for Israel and for
the general understanding of the
Jihad do do you think
Israel doing right in this war they are
know how to handle uh the situation with
the Islam you know we are under attacked
H with seven countries and areas in a
sense yes and in a sense no what yes and
what no start with a good one with a
good good one is I think since October
7th with the great exception of that day
itself which of course the full story
has not yet been told but since then the
war has been pursued very capably and uh
of course with no help from the United
States and the Biden Administration
nonetheless the destruction of Hamas and
Gaza and his balah in Lebanon these have
been marvelous to see and deeply
encouraging and I hope that the Israelis
will be able to continue and Crush those
as organizations so that the Jihad will
be set back decades and they'll have to
uh uh regroup Al together
but other than that in a larger sense
going back decades the problem has been
wrongly handled and that's not entirely
the fault of the Israeli authorities
although it is to some degree it starts
with Camp David yeah I knew I knew I
knew we will talk about it and you it's
still bleeding in my body this this H
event okay yeah it was a terrible thing
and people can read about how bad it was
in my book the Palestinian delusion uh
Jimmy Carter the president was entranced
with anir Sadat and anir Sadat was not
the Great Peacemaker that he's reputed
to be he was an opportunist and a very
clever man who understood that he could
get more of what he wanted by being an
ally of the United States and posing as
a peacemaker than he could by remaining
a client of the Soviet Union and being
an opponent of the Israelis and the
United States and this worked perfectly
he got Israel to withdraw from SI he got
Israel to recognize the existence of the
Palestinians as a people now manin Bean
the prime minister of Israel he argued
against this and tried to show Jimmy
Carter that the there is no Palestinian
ethnicity or nationality these are just
the local Arabs identical to the Arabs
of Lebanon Syria and Jordan and thus the
idea that they need this a nation state
is wrongly conceived and the fact that
they were not given citizenship in those
surrounding states is clear that it was
just a weapon to they wanted to be you
those surrounding states wanted to use
the Palestinian Arabs as a weapon to
beat Israel with yeah but Carter
wouldn't hear it he he loved saddat and
he gave saddat everything and the
Israelis signed on to the final
agreements which recognized the
existence of a Palestinian people then
Rabin made it even worse in the 90s when
he agreed in at Oslo to the former
of the Palestinian Authority for the
creation ultimately of a Palestinian
State when there's still no Palestinian
people it's it's a fictional nationality
and that's the biggest problem yes this
is the biggest problem and nobody's
talking about it I don't see it anywhere
in the Israeli press I hope I'm wrong
about that but now now it's changed and
Israel was surprised on October 7th and
this is a fact
despite all overed and covered
intelligence that was available the
senior Israel intelligence official
refused to believe that the Gaza Arabs
could carry out such a sadistic
Massacre you know there were plenty of
warning on the ground and we could have
prevented the
massacre what is really interesting is
that up to now the Israelis blame netan
and the pre
government lead by a laid and aali
Bennett who transferred them 30 million
dollar per year plus electricity and
water that Israel gave them and up up to
now they didn't pay a penny for it so
why would they attack us how is it
possible that all the money from Israel
and from the world instead of develop
Gaza went to terrorist is M and they use
it in education in MKS they were buying
so many weapons and
Munitions and were building
in uh beneath the ground kilometers of
tunel all of them were used only for
Terror so how come they did it it's so
absurd you know the communities that
lived on the border with Gaza the Israel
and Gaza
border H who were massacred first were
mostly peace activities who even took
children and patient to the hospitals in
Israel by their own time and in their
own
cars
so this is why it's it's so shocking but
you know some voices in Israel during
all those years warned warned that
something will happen and and instead of
listen to them consider extremist some
of whom the CIA even defined as
dangerous and and put severe sanctions
on
them today when I'm looking back and
everyone who looks back you can see that
they were right and therefore more
voices like theirs are being heard
especially since there is a revolution
in Israel media for example H
competitors like channel
40 really giving a fight to Har
newspaper which is indeed Israeli but
they are a very radical leftwing and
they did a damage to Israel all over the
world so the public claims that were is
not much change and if there is it is
very tiny and small
change I see things differently there is
a definitely a change people are more
researching
asking um interesting in podcast on
current affairs on um Islam or on
Judaism on the Middle East they want to
know much more and the soldiers who have
been fighting for 14 months are
learning H from the ground and see with
their own eyes what is really going on
inside Gaza and Lebanon and
Syria and those young people will
definitely influence and rebuild New
Israel I see it I hope so H I think so H
I hope so too I don't know I I I guess I
assume but this is how I'm reading the
map in
Israel um and you know in a way the
Christianity and Judaism are are sister
and brother they are an Ali H where do
you see the most strongest similary
between those two
religion strongest similarity between
Judaism and Christianity well they have
the same scripture except the Christians
have some more but uh
the this makes for a
common religious framework a common
understanding of so many things that go
back to uh some of the biggest questions
in of existence as to you know what is
the purpose of human existence and what
is the peculiarity of it and so on I
mean obviously there are tremendously
different
understandings of a great deal of the
aspects of those scriptures and yet like
you say it's it's it's a it's a
fraternal disagreement it's not like uh
uh Christianity and and Buddhism or
something like that where the entire
framework is different to the degree
that you have to start at uh
uh the ba the very Basics to try to
achieve some common understanding Jews
and Christians if they're mutually
favorably disposed to one another could
have a discussion that and it could
involve Abraham and Moses and David and
Solomon and and all the rest and they
could talk about these with complete
understanding and so there's a great
deal of a basis for commonality right
from the
beginning um and we both in a way
believe in the mssiah you know what is
mashiah in in Hebrew of course yes
so H in Israel H we Divine the people
into two it's not the this um it's not
similary with the quantity of people but
some of us believe the Messiah will wow
you have a very beautiful
glass it look like from China or
something I don't know where it's maybe
it is everything's from China it doesn't
say um so we believe Messiah will come
one day and then the the the optimum
beautiful life will come and the the the
Christian people also believe in the
mssiah isn't it yes yeah well they say
Jesus is the Messiah yes that's this is
something that we disagree who is the
Messiah maybe maybe it us who knows um
it's interesting to know okay yes yes
yes
please in
Islam if you look at now see I I you can
fill in perhaps on this what the what
the perspective from Judaism would be
but Islam and
Christianity have exactly opposite views
of the end of the
world of
eschatology uh it's very interesting
because I think
that it reveals a great deal for example
in the Christian scriptures Jesus is
called the king of kings
so and of course that's a Messianic
title going back to to to to the Jewish
scriptures so in the
Hadith Muhammad
says there is no one more hateful in the
eyes of Allah on the day of judgment
than the one who calls himself the king
of
kings and so you see just the opposite
it's completely the opposite yeah yes
and so I think uh you have clearly then
two opposing views of the world in many
many ways that that sums up right there
in the in that one statement
and I think that it is maybe not all
Jews would accept this and not all
Christians would either but Judaism and
Christianity are on the one side and
Islam is on the other I have on the
other hand been on panel discussions
with who say no no Judaism and Islam are
much closer uh than and Christianity is
on the other side but I think I I
respectfully disagree with that view I
agree with you but you know what's
interesting that you can go to pray in a
mosque and a Muslim can pray in a
synagogue but Jews are not allowed to
pray in a church yes so we cannot go
there and pray only in a mosque so this
is interesting according to whom you can
go pray in a mosque and not in a church
by our Bible by our
religion
but that's very strange because you know
in the Quran it says that there's nobody
who it well actually let me make sure
that I say it right because I don't want
to misquote it and I often refer to this
but in this context I want to make sure
that I have the exact words chapter 5
ver 82 of the Quran says you will find
the Jews and and the idolators the most
vehement of mankind in hostility to
those who believe so you have the
Muslims being taught from the Quran the
word perfect word of Allah that the Jews
are their worst
enemies you know maybe I maybe maybe the
Muslim cannot come and pray in our
synagogue but 100% we can go there and
pray in the mosques this is 100% right
huh have you ever done it no but I saw a
video this week of a religion just went
into a MK and prayed and I was so scared
that they will just murder him I don't
know why he did it h but but yes um this
is something that I know for sure we can
do it interesting yes see you learned
something from me Robert today yes thank
you I would hope ultimately that will be
reexamined I think it's uh it might be
shortsighted but how how many times you
you read the Quran Robert oh I don't
know I've read the Quran hundreds and
many times this uh critical Quran that I
was just quoting this is a uh this is my
own translation and commentary the
translation works from an earlier one
but I adapted it based on the Arabic as
well as on different understandings of
some of the passages from what I was
working from so um anyway yes it's funny
because you read attacks on me and they
say he only he ignores all the peaceful
passages of the Quran I don't ignore any
passage of the Quran it's all in there
and
uh com well maybe but sometimes you can
read a text and you can see it in a
different way you know even Even in our
Bible you can read it in three ways the
just the simple way the Deep one and
then there is a deeper one so there are
three way to read
sorry Islam the literal understanding is
overwhelmingly Paramount and this is
made very clear uh in numerous rulings
of the Islamic authorities like take for
example Jihad uh you read the Quran and
there are passages that have to do with
the internal struggle and passages that
have to do with defensive war and also
passages that have to do with offensive
war and then there are in innumerable
Islamic authorities going back to
Muhammad's first biographer iban isak in
the 8th Century who say the passages
regarding offensive War take precedence
over the
others
so the they don't in other words say we
only understand this in a spiritual
sense today they're saying take up arms
and wage offensive war against
non-muslims yes what is the the people
of Israel it's written in the Quran more
than once and it's very clear in the
Quran that we supposed to come back to
our country in Israel B isra is Israel
this is our country yeah it says that
but it also says that the the
the
Israel have sinned against Allah are
under the curse of Allah are enemies of
Allah yes and also it's very important
to remember that the Quran says that
Abraham was a Muslim yes this is my next
question so how can we deal with it if
they think that Abraham is a Muslim if
they think B is had gone in the wind and
the Jews who live in Israel are not
continuation of the B Isel it's like
everything is a li everything is upside
down everything go all the way around
how can we with we deal with such so
many lies and so many misleading the
history well the first place it's very
important to understand most people
don't understand this and they read the
Quran and they see that it says the Jews
and the Christians will go to paradise
that's chapter 2 verse 62 uh and says
like you not said the children of Israel
should live in the
land that's all in there but it's not
understood the way we assume it to be
understood because the prophets in the
Quran are all Muslims Abra Abraham Moses
was a Muslim yeah I know David and
Solomon all of them
so if there all Muslims where did they
get
Judaism it's the creation of the
children of Israel when they rejected a
law they changed the scriptures to
create Judaism that's the Islam oh if
all the prophets were Muslims then where
does the where does Judaism come from it
is the creation of the children of
Israel who rejected the law and are
under his curse and they Chang the
scriptures to reflect their own
proclivities and that's what Judaism is
so it's a false religion it's not the
religion of Abraham and Moses the real
children of Israel are the followers of
Abraham and Moses and that's the Muslims
so they're the ones that inherit the
land and they're the ones that all the
promises that are given to the children
of Israel they are the recipients not
the not the Jews and the Jews it's the
same thing for the Christians Jesus was
also Muslim so the Christians are not
the real Christians either you you're
only a real Jew or a Christian if you're
a Muslim yeah so in a way it's like a
lost uh conflict lost War lost argument
like we will never agree and this is
something that really frustrating me H
when it's when it comes to religion War
there is no solution like you will fight
forever and and when I hear some people
saying that we don't need religions in a
way I can understand why they are saying
it like religion will keep make this
conflict and War forever and ever
because we will never dis we will never
agree there's no solution it will always
remain as long as there people who
believe in the Quran they will think
they have to destroy Israel wow because
the Quran commands that Israel be
destroyed when it says drive them out
from where they drove you out now you
can say we didn't drive you out you left
that's true but they are always taught
that they were driven out and this is
very important because when they're
they're taught they were driven out so
that then they will hear the Quran say
drive them out from where they drove you
out and they think that Allah is
commanding them to fight against the
Israelis and that will always remain so
the only thing you can do is be strong
and remain strong because you do not an
Islamic theology rage Jihad against a fo
a foe who you can't defeat and so it's
only because we're weak that this is all
happening yeah like you know who is
jabotinski who talked about the Iron
Wall I believe in that very much and we
need to be strong always CU this is this
is our destiny probably H to live in a
small tiny tiny land um among all those
Muslims um wow it was very interesting
talking to you Robert do you want to
give me some hope before we ending this
interview CU you know after 14 month of
uh war and I'm living in Northern Israel
so we've been under attack every day um
yes that's very difficult it it is you
know it's unbelievable to to live in in
in a survival mode 24/7 for so long and
the media in the world H don't show it
and ignore completely from our situation
and always showing what is happening in
Lebanon by the way we have nothing with
Lebanon Israel has no interest in
fighting Lebanon the problem is that
Iran established kisah in Lebanon as
part of strangle hold around us is
taking over Lebanon and the attacked
tunnel and the amount of weapon that
balah has built are insane as a strategy
to destroy Israel but any Robert do you
have something nice with hope to tell us
before we are ending our talk the only
hope is is is by by byy the same cup I
have the hope I think you know you were
talking about the commonality between
Judaism and
Christianity and it's interesting
there's a big point of controversy
between Judaism and Christianity and
that's the 53rd chapter of the book of
the prophet Isaiah are you familiar with
it
uh it's the Christians say this is a
prophecy of Jesus because it says by his
wounds we are healed and things like
that and the Jews say this has to do
with the nation of Israel being the
suffering servant for the world and I
think I'm the only one in the world who
thinks this or maybe there's somebody
else who will see this program I think
it's
both that the the the the nation of
Israel the Jews have a
particular spiritual role to play that
does involve
suffering on behalf of the larger world
and that this is something that is in
the plan of God that will ultimately be
resolved in a favorable direction for
everybody concerned and thus it's not an
either or that it's the Jewish
understanding or the Christian
understanding of this passage that they
can both have
validity I I can say that as a Christian
I can I can relate it to what you're
saying but the even if we leave aside
the whole Christian aspect of it that
passage I think shows that the
Jews as we have seen throughout history
will have a very difficult time in the
world and that this is part of God's
plan and God's plan ultimately will come
out with the consummation of all things
and thus we can have hope in him true
that's that's very nice Robert and thank
you for your time did you visit Israel
by the way or can I invited you to come
I'd love to come back I hope I'm living
in Northern Israel I'm telling you it's
amazing out of Israel and you're more
than welcome here I had lunch once uh
right north of the we crossed the the
Sea of gallilee on a boat I I can see
Sea of Galilee from my window oh yeah I
was right in your neighborhood then and
there was a very nice restaurant in the
north and we were having lunch and
people pointed out you see that up above
that's the Golan Heights the syrians
would stand there and shoot down at the
farmers uh so they couldn't Farm because
they would go out and get killed
so this is why we have the Golan Heights
and this allows for the whole of this
area to live in peace and I thought that
was that was very striking I'd love to
go back there I I'll send you videos of
the Golan Heights from tomorrow morning
because in front of
me oh yes okay thank you too looked into
ketra anyway KRA ketra is a beautiful
amazing ER
a a place it's like you are going there
and you're feeling you are in a in a
movie yes it's more than beautiful it's
a really
unique yes indeed so I hope to get back
one day I hope so too I hope it will be
soon and I hope this war will end even
sooner yes yes indeed thank you very
good speak thank you thank you bye bye
bye
face
[Music]